recurrenceEditMode Cherry pick (#1096)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/recurrenceEditMode.md

Specifies the edit mode for recurring appointments.

---
This option accepts the following values:

- *"series"*  
 Enables a user to edit only entire appointment series.

- *"occurrence"*  
 Enables a user to edit only individual appointment instances.

- *"dialog"*   

>  Displays a dialog that suggests to a user to choose between editing the entire series or only the individual instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Displays a dialog that suggests a user to choose between editing the entire series or only the individual instance.
```

> The **Scheduler** handles changes made to an instance and a series differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Scheduler** handles changes made to an instance and a series as follows:
```

Author: @dirk-pieterse, the sentence with the applied edit "The **Scheduler** handles changes made to an instance and a series as follows:" is followed by "If a user edits a recurring appointment instance, two actions are performed on the data objects:". Thus this logic is erroneous because the second sentence should be about an instance and a series, but it's not. Can the orignal sentence be used?

Author: "The **Scheduler** handles changes made to an instance and a series differently. If a user edits a recurring appointment instance, two actions are performed on the data objects: ..."
@dirk-pieterse is this variant alright?

Author: The variant is valid.
